Title: About

----

Description:

Audible Edge is a festival of exploratory music presented by Tone List. It's geared towards exploring the marginal, experimental, and not-normal. It happens yearly in Boorloo and Walyalup, on Whadjuk Noongar land. In 2024, it begins at sunrise on April 26, and ends at moonrise on April 28.

Since 2017, Audible Edge has platformed exploratory music in Boorloo and strengthened the ties connecting us to the scene globally. We’ve persisted through COVID disruptions, taking on many new shapes and forms in the process. This year, we're excited to return to our roots: three days of back-to-back events, packed with great (weird) music.

Audible Edge celebrates play, freak energy, silliness, ephemerality and “getting stuck into it”. We see these as meaningful ways of engaging with new experiences (it's not all chin-scratching seriousness). We love local, emergent, queer and contingent projects. We love straight-faced experimentation rubbing shoulders with unhinged wildness (or when you can’t tell which is which!). We strive to make accessible contexts to appreciate all of this. We want to share the radical potency of our community, and invite friends from distant lands and waters to be a part of it too.

Our program is full of wild and weird high-contrast bookings. Sometimes they contain contradictory approaches or unresolved tensions. We invite any and all responses to this. We find Audible Edge is best when listeners, hosts and makers all share in the messy process of 'making sense'. (Whatever that even means.)

Audible Edge 2024 also features a Night School: a pre-festival program of weekly workshops. The Night School explores how we might write our own stories, build our own platforms, and listen better. A local, interstate or international guest facilitates each session. It runs from March 24 to April 21 (and isn’t always at night).

Audible Edge received an Art Music State Luminary Award in 2023 from APRA AMCOS and the Australian Music Centre. This recognised five years of contributions to the creative music culture of this side of the continent.

Audible Edge takes place on Whadjuk Noongar boodja. We strive to listen and be guided by place - boodja nih - and with utmost respect to birdiya/Elders and custodians, in what we do.

Team:
Jameson Feakes (stage manager)
Patrick Gunasekera (accessibility auditor)
Adelaide Harney (lighting designer)
Lenny Jacobs (front-of-house)
Annika Moses (co-curator)
Josten Myburgh (director, co-curator)
Dan O'Connor (production manager)
Ezekiel Padmanabham (sound engineer)
Oliva Joi Rawlings (graphic designer)
Tess Stephenson (front-of-house)
Alex Turner (website designer)

The design for Audible Edge 2024 uses the Herbik typeface by Boorloo-based designer Daniel Veneklaas.

- *“Audible Edge is definitely now a must-see event on the Perth music calendar.”* (★★★★★, Jonathan Marshall, (link: https://limelight-arts.com.au/reviews/audible-edge-festival-of-sound-2022-tone-list/ text: Limelight Magazine), 2022)

- *“Every aspect [of Nika Mo's Audible Edge performance] seemed so meticulously crafted and flawlessly executed”* (Tiffany Ha, (link: https://www.seesawmag.com.au/2021/04/freakish-new-album-sets-audience-buzzing text: SeeSaw), 2021)

- *Local label Tone List is now the go-to organisation for Perth experimental music...as evident in the mixed bill programs “Every Which Way” and “Come What May”, Audible Edge 2021 was a triumph.* (Jonathan Marshall, (link: https://www.seesawmag.com.au/2021/04/from-abstract-acid-house-to-pointillist-landscapes text: SeeSaw), 2021)

- *“One must conclude then that Audible Edge has retained much of its rough-and-ready community origins, whilst growing in scale and significance.”* (★★★★☆, Jonathan Marshall, (link: https://limelight-arts.com.au/reviews/audible-edge-tone-list/ text: Limelight Magazine), 2019)

----

Link-email: http://eepurl.com/iwklBs

----

Link-sms: https://example.com

----

Uuid: aHVUvWb1uOZgJNAC